Se 13419 rtm infinite link loop hn (#216)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/server-group-create.adoc

= Create Server Groups (Hybrid)
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

image:logo-cloud-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid Deployment"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]

> To deploy applications to a server group, you can either add the servers to Runtime Manager first, then create the server group or you can create the group and add servers to it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy applications to a server group, you can either add the servers to Runtime Manager first and then create the server group, or you can create the group and add servers to it later.
```

To create a server group:

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager*.
. Select *Servers* in the left menu.
. Click the *Create Group* button.
. In the *Create Server Group* page, enter the name for the server group.
+

> Group names can contain between 3-40 alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) and hyphens (-). They cannot start or end with a hyphen and cannot contain spaces or other characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group names can contain from 3 through 40 alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) and hyphens (-). They cannot start or end with a hyphen and cannot contain spaces or other characters.
```

Author: disagree
